Terms & Conditions
The following terms and conditions govern your use of the software and service that we offer you. This terms constitutes the authorized binding between an individual and us.

PLEASE CAREFULLY READ ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF "FAST VPN", WHEN YOU INSTALL "FAST VPN" SOFTWARE, YOU ARE AGREEING WITH ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SERVICE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS, PLEASE DELETE THIS APPLICATION.

Privacy Notice

Your privacy is totally important for us. Please read “Privacy Policy” section to be informed about the use of this application and the disclosure of your personal information.

Age Resections

All users must be above 17 years old or possess legal parental or guardian approval.

You are not allowed to

Use this software in any manner that violets any rules and regulation.
Use this application if you are under 17 years old.
Remove or destroy any copyright notices or other proprieties.
Sending spam, port scanning, scanning for open proxies or open relays, sending opt-in email, unsolicited email.
Version of email sent in large quantities even if the email is ultimately sent off of another server.
Transmit any viruses or programming routines intended to damage, surreptitiously intercept, or expropriate any system, data or personal information.
Any type attack to any other computer or network while on our Service.
Use this app for any abusive purpose, containing child abuse and child pornography.
Modify or adapt the Software, merge the Software into another program or create derivative works based on the Software,

Premium Services

We will provide our users Premium Services prior to the purchase process "FAST VPN" Premium Subscription. The user has the right to cancel the premium services and ask for a refund as described in refund section of this agreement. Premium users will get better service quality(VIP support), choose different locations in different devices and enjoy “Faster Connection”.

Payments/Subscription

Price of subscription

* 3-days free trial - free of charge. Then $59.99/y.
* 1 month: $19.99
* 3 month: $29.99
* 1 year: $59.99
Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase. Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24 - hours before the end of the current period, and identify the cost of the renewal. Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period.

Cancelation of the service

No cancellation of the current subscription is allowed during active subscription period. Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user's AccountSettings after purchase. Any unused portion of a free trail preiod will forfeited when the user purchases a subscription.

Content/Usage Disclaimer

Your data traffic will not be recorded in any sort of forms. This app does not block any ports, IPs or hide any contents. "VPN for iPhone" guaranties that this app does not monitor anything of the user logs or datas.

Changes to the Agreement

We reserves the right to modify or discontinue the Service at anytime without any prior notice. and you agree to be bound by any and all modifications, and/or change. You aware that it is your obligation to periodically review this page in order to account for any changes made, as they will be binding upon assent.

Termination Policy

"FAST VPN" may suspend or terminate your use of the Service in the event of any breach or violation of these Terms of Service. You agree that any such suspension or termination in accordance with this paragraph may be performed without prior notice and you agree that "VPN for iPhone" will not be liable to you or any third party for any such termination. Any suspected fraudulent, abusive or illegal activity may be referred to appropriate law enforcement authorities.
